We've mentioned this a couple of time, but
it's, again, a good idea to do that again.
Never store your key in a public place.
And also,
now we will see how to move to the server.
But even when you go to the server,
you should control who and
how they access your services that
are using OpenAI behind the scenes.
Because if someone can
inject into your prompts,
they can then use OpenAI and
charge your credit card.
Or if you get lots of users,
you may be out of money easily.
And by the way, you can set caps at
OpenAI, in fact, I have one on my key.
And you can say, I don't wanna
spend more than $10 or $1000.
And please send me an email
when we are close to $5 or $50.
And of course, after that, you are done,
which also means that sometimes
when you have users that are asking
the same thing, you may wanna do caching.
So you can cache responses and
have your own memory, so
maybe you don't wanna go
all the time to OpenAI.
I mean, if you have people
asking the same thing and
you already got an answer from OpenAI,
you can save it and cache it.
So how can we move this to the server?
Because we know that this is not good.
Well, actually, if you're using Node.js,
for example, and you have Node.js 17 or
greater, you can just copy and
paste the fetch that we have here.
Like this, from the fetch,
To response.json,
and move that to the server,
it's not more difficult than that.
So you open, in this case, server.js.
And, for example, for /api/chat,
you just paste something like that because
Node.js now supports the Fetch API.
So the same code really shall work,
we just need to set up some things,
some quick things.
Such as, for example, we need to read
the value from the request as JSON,
like so.
And then, well the Open API,
I think I need to update that one,
because the one that I have on the server,
it's an old one.
So I will also update the one
on the server, like so.
And then I need to respond,
so with a JSON.
And they can just, in this case,
await for the other response.
Because we are kind of
a proxy at this point.
Again, this is not adding any security or
anything else.
However, I mean, we can do that on
the server, but there is a better way.
Instead of making your
HTTP request manually,
you can use the OpenAI API,
the OpenAI Node.js API.
So when we were in the website
seeing here, for example,
how to create the chat completion.
Here, we can change from curl,
python, to node.js.
So we have here how to set up and
import the library,
and then how to send a message.
So we can just copy and paste that or
write it from a scratch.
And to try it, I will use this other
general endpoint that I have here.
What's the idea?
I do have another, so to display the chat,
I have our own playground.
So I created our own playground,
that is pretty simple.
It's just a form with a textarea,
a button.
And the idea is that I'm going
to call the general API,
sending the prompt and
expecting their response.
So let's see how it looks like.
So I'm going to /playground on my
localhost, it looks like this.
In this case, it's not a chat,
it's just for testing simple prompts.
You don't need context all the time.
Sometimes I need a translation, I need
to translate something to Portuguese.
Well, it's just one call, that's all,
you don't need context all the time.
So in this case, we have this simple
playground to play with this.
So I just need to do the server part.
So then, I'm going to server.js, and
first I'm going to paste what
I have from the documentation.
And first, this is require, so
it's importing the library.
Then it's setting up the library,
by default, it's reading the key from
process.env, that is pretty cool for
deploying this, but we are learning.
So we are actually making this simpler,
we are sure just importing the OpenAI,
by the way, I have a typo here,
it's AI key.
Like so, and
then we create the OpenAI object.
And then the idea is that we
use that object, in this case,
when we receive a POST
request to API channel.
And what we need to change here
is to we need to read the body
that we are receiving.
So the body, this is express.js,
nothing very fancy.
And here we have the messages.
So instead of using this for the content,
remember that in this case we
are not going to create a chat.
So we are not going to send
previous past history.
But because we're using
the OpenAI ChatGPT chat version,
we still need to send a chat message
like real user, even if it's just one.
And for the content,
we are going to use body.prompt.
Why it's called .prompt?
Because from App.js we
are passing an object
with a property name as prompt,
it's just so.
So we are passing the prompt, and instead
of doing console.log of the message,
what I need is to respond
to the client that message.
So I'm going to respond as a JSON for
completion, blah,
blah, blah, I think that's okay.
So, coming back here,
let's see if that works.
If I say hi, Send, I received
an object on the other side, why?
Because I'm sending the message.
The message contains the role,
and the content inside.
If I just want the content,
I say .content, so let's try again.
Hi, hi there, how can I assist you today?
So now, try inside, I don't have the key.
Anyway, I'm still having a security
risk because anyone can call my API.
So you need to set limits, or
you need to create your own token.
Maybe the user needs to be logged in,
and you set limits per user.
Because remember,
you're going to pay for every request.
But now we have a nice internal playground
that works server-side where we can
try different things.
Remember that you can use this for
doing a lot of steps,
a lot of tasks with the API.